Update module 4 (#28)
ResearchComputing/hpc_fundamentals_micro_credential: installing_software/EXERCISES.md

ls $CURC_CONTAINER_DIR
```

> An Apptainer Definition File (or “def file” for short) is like a set of blueprints explaining how to build a custom container. It includes specifics about the base OS to build or the base container to start from, software to install, environment variables to set at runtime, files to add from the host system, and container metadata. More information from the Apptainer user guide: https://apptainer.org/docs/user/1.0/definition_files.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Apptainer Definition File (or “def file” for short) is like a set of blueprints explaining how to build a custom container. It includes specifics about the base OS to build or the base container to start from, software to install, environment variables to set at runtime, files to add from the host system, and container metadata. More information from the Apptainer user guide: https://apptainer.org/docs/user/latest/definition_files.html
```

Reviewer: Updated URL to point to the latest version of the definition file user guide in Apptainer's online documentation
